Patch update streaming docs (#13148)
netdata/netdata: docs/metrics-storage-management/reference-streaming.mdx

    default memory mode = dbengine
```

### Streaming compression

[![Supported version Netdata Agent release](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supported%20Netdata%20Agent-v1.33%2B-brightgreen)](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/releases/latest)

> [![Supported version Netdata Agent release](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supported%20Netdata%20stream%20version-v5%2B-blue)](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/releases/latest)

Author: that's a great question: https://github.com/netdata/netdata/blame/67b1936e161e71eea2ecc1960d265c88a2dfd80e/streaming/README.md#L334-L337

@odynik any ideas?

> [![Supported version Netdata Agent release](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supported%20Netdata%20stream%20version-v5%2B-blue)](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/releases/latest)

Reviewer: I think it refers to the internal stream version that two agents must negotiate between them in order for compression to be working.

In logs we refer to this as `established communication with a parent using protocol version 5 - ready to send metrics...`, i.e. protocol.

> [![Supported version Netdata Agent release](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supported%20Netdata%20stream%20version-v5%2B-blue)](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/releases/latest)

Reviewer: Agree yes, maybe not needed especially if it's not explained to the user what exactly it means...

While on the subject: Could we should a badge or two here:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1905463/174067682-c777417f-1465-441c-8385-b045eb07d67f.png)

To indicate the child is connected using e.g. compression and or SSL ?

netdata ERROR : PLUGINSD[go.d] : STREAM_COMPRESSION: Deactivating compression to avoid stream corruption
netdata ERROR : PLUGINSD[go.d] : STREAM_COMPRESSION child01 [send to my.parent.IP]: Restarting connection without compression
...
netdata INFO  : STREAM_SENDER[child01] : STREAM child01 [send to my.parent.IP]: connecting...
netdata INFO  : STREAM_SENDER[child01] : STREAM child01 [send to my.parent.IP]: initializing communication...
netdata INFO  : STREAM_SENDER[child01] : STREAM child01 [send to my.parent.IP]: waiting response from remote netdata...
netdata INFO  : STREAM_SENDER[child01] : Stream is uncompressed! One of the agents (my.parent.IP <-> child01) does not support compression OR compression is disabled.
netdata INFO  : STREAM_SENDER[child01] : STREAM child01 [send to my.parent.IP]: established communication with a parent using protocol version 4 - ready to send metrics...
netdata INFO  : WEB_SERVER[static4] : STREAM child01 [send]: sending metrics...
```

#### How to enable stream compression
Netdata Agents are shipped with data compression enabled by default. You can also configure which streams will use compression.

> With enabled stream compression, a Netdata Agent can negotiate streaming compression with other Netdata Agents. During the negotiation of streaming compression both Netdata Agents should support and enable compression in order to communicate over a compressed stream. The negotiation will result into an uncompressed stream, if one of the Netdata Agents doesn't support **or** has compression disabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With enabled stream compression, a Netdata Agent can negotiate streaming compression with other Netdata Agents. During the negotiation of streaming compression both Netdata Agents should support and enable compression in order to communicate over a compressed stream.  If one of the Netdata Agents doesn't support **or** has compression disabled, the negotiation will result inan uncompressed stream.
```

A compressed data packet is determined and decompressed on the fly.

#### Limitations

> This limitation will be withdrawn ASAP and is a work-in-progress.

Reviewer 3: I think that is a famous Brazilian ASAP (cc @thiagoftsm), I think we better remove the line 😄

Reviewer 2: We can just say "in a future update" or "in a future release"
